yo what's going on guys that weren't
here welcome to episode 2 of care of the
week and saturday is time to get a pair
of one this a 2 has been this week's get
over the week is ghetto not ghetto
ghetto smoke GI RL a female a person
with a vagina and a couple of bibs I
think I just like seeing those two words
that start they are just if you guys
lose to those two screenshots hopefully
you enjoy them if you can pause the
video at the appropriate time otherwise
you just got a nice little flash why do
we so yeah I want to do get over the
week again kind of went down reasonably
well last week but if you guys do enjoy
the city's make sure you do give a like
that'd be epic it did get quite a few
dislikes last week I think cuz people
like just assuming that was being a pair
of but it's meant to be funny it's meant
to be just like ethanol entertaining
rate fuck if you're taking youtube
seriously then you've got something
wrong with you but anyway if you guys
enjoy this make sure you leave a lake
let's see if we can get like 500 or
something that'd be epic and be really
appreciated by me Barry this week's go
of the week is not actually an actress
now I think I said my last video that
like I liked a lot of actresses and like
every week is probably going to be all
actresses but I've actually been
listening to this ghetto les musiciens
music for like the last the weaker so no
last couple of weeks ago she could see
and actually really liked your music and
obviously the musician is late because
it's annotated there's no point trying
to drag it suspense up I'm not gonna
like like make you guys wonder who is
late sits in the title she can it does
like guess you could say like electro
pop I think that's what its defined as
which is definitely not what normally
listen to it's like a completely the
opposite i guess you can see i normally
listen to things like a or bands like a
tree you or stone sir or something like
that where it's a bit more kind of like
heavy rock whereas this is completely
different actually really like it's kind
of like it's more chill day and it's
more happy yes you could say because i
think like if I'm lesson in touch me you
and walking down the street or something
people just like I look miserable
because I'm like a hair you know like
getting into this song or whatever when
I slates is like so happy and it's good
men look like I'm I'm not a bit kill
myself or something but I am no I
definitely like your music and I
actually really like your stale as well
yeah she's got really really funky here
she's actually get tattoos as well which
is something that do once talked you
guys a little bit about it today as well
because I don't know like I don't
normally go after girls I've got
our don't normally faint tattoos and
kiddos that attractive however I do
think that some girls actually kind of
suit tattoos and lates being one of them
I think it's that kind of a punky look
or that kind of rock check-in of whicli
six tattoos really kind of I don't like
the clothes that I here and stuff of
that and the wheelie dress compared to
like the sort of giddy two shoes kind of
virgin Christian ghettos I guess you can
see there's a really bad example but I
don't move it's not bad example actually
but anyway em you know like there's a
certain look of a ghetto that suits a
tattoo and I definitely don't think that
ghetto is covered completely from head
to toe into tattoos are hot evening
Slater's that's just not cool but I mean
the occasional tattoo maybe with some
sort of meaning behind it even if they
don't if I meaning behind that even
though even if it works cool then that's
that's fine but you know these girls
again like tramp stamps and like weird
random tattoos and just totally abstract
locations like get also get like a
little butterflies like a tramp stamp
along her back and won her foot or
something that one at rest at tonight's
girlfriend or one of my ex-girlfriend
said that and it's just horrific man it
just was even like attractive at all
just horrible when I was like tattoos
that like maybe Lakes has got where they
have like me being like she's got lyrics
in her arms and she's also got like a
laser gun and jelly that on our owner
Bailey which is cool man that's that's
something different I mean it's not like
the generic tramp stamp that fucking
every slot under the fucking Sun gets
you know I mean so definitely think that
if you're going to get tattoo you if I
was gonna have a tattoo and I definitely
think you should probably have a meaning
behind it and it's definitely something
that I would have to have if I was ever
going to get a tattoo what you probably
want to be honest and because my
opinions and stuff change all the time
and I think the things that like James
holidays so I definitely think that
tattoo should have meanings behind them
and I definitely think that some girls
are more suited to tattoos and other
kiddos you guys can I mean oh we think
in the comments below of what you guys
think about tattoos and on getaways and
stuff Benny I should definitely check
out late she obviously looks amazing a
couple of pictures over here and there
in this video and she sounds amazing as
well I really like her music so you guys
should definitely check it out just I
don't Google search or something like
that if you've never heard over before
lights taming is everything that's
really good song or tools or something
like that they're really good songs
going check though and yeah hopefully
you guys enjoyed this week's episode of
girl the week let me know
the week as in the comments below leave
a lake as well guys that'd be awesome
and I'll speak to you soon thanks again
for watching bye
yo what's goin guys the bar here welcome
to week 26 of top 5 sniper plays I can't
believe it's 26 weeks in and we're
starting off here with Arctic treat who
is going to get a lovely quad on a
number five spot this week I sniper
place absolutely ridiculous can't even
imagine like how you